README.md, before:

# Odinprojects

In this repo, I will have notes that I took when working on assignments I took while working on the odin project along with any projcets I complete via the Odin project
The main page is my blogging page where links to the projects I worked on will be linked too (my portfolio!).

Some things I have learned from the ODin project already:
I need to re-learn how to ask questions and how to setup Git on my mac.
Asking questions involves properly demonstrating effort before inquiring- essentially what I learned in my masters program-- just something I never put in to practice.
Git itself was a lot easier, but I can see it being a problem to setup cause once its set, I kinda forget lol.
Look to this link for proper git setup on macs or linux systems (The odin project really fasttracked this and made it easy to udnerstand):
https://www.theodinproject.com/lessons/foundations-setting-up-git

# Some general notes going in to the Odinproject

I have learned a lot of HTML and CSS from freecodecamp and code academy, but the structure of the two sites has not been working for me especially because I feel like I have been working in their respective IDEs for so long. Though, the reason I am tutorial switching again is because I think I feel a bit more confident now, but I need someone to hold my hands when trying to work on my first project. Hopefully Odin project does just that for me. So I am not starting at 0, I am starting with some knowledge.
Though, this is helpful to know:
`<a href="https://www.theodinproject.com/about" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">click me</a>`

Use these attributes to open links in a new tab. Here's a few more notes on the attributes in the new tab:
    
    The noopener value prevents the opened link from gaining access to the webpage from which it was opened. The noreferrer value prevents the opened link from knowing which webpage or resource has a link (or ‘reference’) to it. It also includes the noopener behaviour and thus can be used by itself as well.


# Odin project 1: Recipes

Commit message:

updated read me on notes regarding first project

README.md, after:

# Odinprojects

In this repo, I will have notes that I took when working on assignments I took while working on the odin project along with any projcets I complete via the Odin project
The main page is my blogging page where links to the projects I worked on will be linked too (my portfolio!).

Some things I have learned from the ODin project already:
I need to re-learn how to ask questions and how to setup Git on my mac.
Asking questions involves properly demonstrating effort before inquiring- essentially what I learned in my masters program-- just something I never put in to practice.
Git itself was a lot easier, but I can see it being a problem to setup cause once its set, I kinda forget lol.
Look to this link for proper git setup on macs or linux systems (The odin project really fasttracked this and made it easy to udnerstand):
https://www.theodinproject.com/lessons/foundations-setting-up-git

# Some general notes going in to the Odinproject

I have learned a lot of HTML and CSS from freecodecamp and code academy, but the structure of the two sites has not been working for me especially because I feel like I have been working in their respective IDEs for so long. Though, the reason I am tutorial switching again is because I think I feel a bit more confident now, but I need someone to hold my hands when trying to work on my first project. Hopefully Odin project does just that for me. So I am not starting at 0, I am starting with some knowledge.
Though, this is helpful to know:
`<a href="https://www.theodinproject.com/about" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">click me</a>`

Use these attributes to open links in a new tab. Here's a few more notes on the attributes in the new tab:
    
    The noopener value prevents the opened link from gaining access to the webpage from which it was opened. The noreferrer value prevents the opened link from knowing which webpage or resource has a link (or ‘reference’) to it. It also includes the noopener behaviour and thus can be used by itself as well.


# Odin project 1: Recipes

Project was really easy. I can use this site as a base page for recipes I like cooking though. Good to keep as a sort of blog for any food I like cooking. Can be updated to be more interactive as a dish for the week decider, should update with all recipes that I do like that way it can help automate what I want to make for dinner throught the week.

Right now its just pure HTML, but would be good to incorporate CSS and interactivity in the future...Update read me when we get there.
